- > 本文由 [简悦 SimpRead](http://ksria.com/simpread/) 转码， 原文地址 [www.itworkman.com](https://www.itworkman.com/use-the-mysqlbinlog-tool-for-location-based-or-point-in-time-data-recovery/)
- > Use the MySQLBinlog tool for location-based or point-in-time recovery MySQL backup generally adopts t......
- **  
  Use the MySQLBinlog tool for location-based or point-in-time recovery  
  **
- MySQL backup generally adopts the mode of full backup and log backup, such as performing full backup every day and binary log backup every hour. This allows you to use full backup and log backup to restore the data to any location or time before the last binary log backup after a MySQL Server failure. The tools used for full provisioning and logging provisioning are various and have their own characteristics, which are not described here. This article focuses on how to apply the backup binary log to restore the data to a specified location or point in time after restoring a full backup.
- Here is a very important tool, mysqlBinlog, for viewing binary logs. Let’s illustrate with a few examples:
- Let’s start by looking directly at what binary log files are in MySQL Server and what events are contained in them.
- First, clear all binary log MySQL > reset master. Query OK, 0 Rows affected (0.00 SEC)
- View binary logs on MySQL Server MySQL > show binary logs; + + – – – – – – – – + | Log_name | File_size | + — — — – + — — — + | VMS00781 – bin. 000001 | 120 | + — — — – + – +
- View events in the binary log
- mysql>show binlog events; + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — + | Log_name | Pos | the Event_type | Server_id | End_log_pos | Info | + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — — + | VMS00781 – bin. 000001 | | Format_desc | | 36 120 | Server ver: 5.6.12 – log, Binlog ver: 4 | + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — – +
- Perform some DML operations
- mysql> delete from ab limit 2;
- Query OK, 2 rows affected (1.01 sec)
- Restart with a new log file
- mysql> flush logs;
- Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.01 sec)
- Perform some DML operations
- mysql> delete from ab limit 1;
- Query OK, 1 row affected (0.00 sec)
- mysql> delete from ab limit 2;
- Query OK, 2 rows affected (0.01 sec)
- View binary logs on MySQL Server MySQL > show binary logs; + + – – – – – – – – + | Log_name | File_size | + — — — – + — — — + | VMS00781 – bin. 000001 | 372 | | VMS00781 – bin. 000002 | 515 | + — — — – + – +
- View events in the binary log mysql> show binlog events; + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — + | Log_name | Pos | the Event_type | Server_id | End_log_pos | Info | + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — — + | VMS00781 – bin. 000001 | | Format_desc | | 36 | Server ver: 5.6.12-log, Binlog ver: 4 | | vms00781-bin.000001 | 120 | Query | 36 | 192 | BEGIN | | vms00781-bin.000001 |0 192 |1 Table_map 36 |3 238 |4 table_id: 204 (test.ab) | | VMS00781-bin.000001 | 238 | Delete_rows | 36 | 291 | table_id: 204 flags: STMT_END_F | | VMS00781-bin.000001 | 291 | Xid | 36 | 322 | COMMIT /* xid=289981 */ | | VMS00781-bin.000001 | 322 | Rotate | 36 | 372 | VMS00781-bin.000002; Pos = 4 | + — — — – + – + + – – – – – + + – – – – – – – – – – – + the default display the events of the first found in the binary log files, contains the event start and end position, event type, information, etc. As you can see, the first event describes the event in format; The second is the query event, and the transaction begins; The third is a table mapping event, the fourth is a delete operation that we perform, the fifth is an Xid time that automatically commits the transaction, and the sixth is a log rotation event that is caused when we execute flush logs to open a new log file.
- View events in the specified binary log mysql> show binlog events in ‘vms00781-bin.000002 ‘; + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — + | Log_name | Pos | the Event_type | Server_id | End_log_pos | Info | + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — — + | VMS00781 – bin. 000002 | | Format_desc | | 36 | Server ver: 5.6.12-log, Binlog ver: 4 | | vms00781-bin.000002 | 120 | Query | 36 | 192 | BEGIN | | vms00781-bin.000002 |0 192 |1 Table_map 36 |3 238 |4 table_id: 204 (test.ab) | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 238 | Delete_rows | 36 | 282 | table_id: 204 flags: STMT_END_F | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 282 | Xid | 36 | 313 | COMMIT /* xid=290004 */ | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 313 | Query | 36 | 385 | BEGIN | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 385 | Table_map | 36 | 431 | table_id: 204 (test.ab) | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 431 | Delete_rows | 36 | 484 | table_id: 204 flags: STMT_END_F | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 484 | Xid | 36 | 515 | COMMIT /* xid=290005 */ | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 515 | Query | 36 | 593 | flush slow logs | | VMS00781-bin.000002 | 593 | Query | 36 | 671 | flush missile logs | + — — — – + – + + – – – – – + + – – – – – – – – – – – + flexible this command also contain other option to see the SHOW BINLOG EVENTS [‘ log_name ‘] IN [the FROM pos] [LIMIT [offset,] row_count] mysql > SHOW BINLOG EVENTS IN ‘vms00781-bin.000002’ from 120 limit 2,3; + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — + | Log_name | Pos | the Event_type | Server_id | End_log_pos | Info | + – – – – – + – + – – – + – + – – – + — — — — — — + | VMS00781 – bin. 000002 | 238 | Delete_rows | | 36 282 | table_id: 204 flags: STMT_END_F | | VMS00781 – bin. 000002 | 282 | Xid | | 313 | 36 COMMIT Xid = 290004 / * * / | | VMS00781 – bin. 000002 | 313 | Query 36 | 385 | | the BEGIN | + — — — – + – + + – – – – – + + – – – – – – – – – – +
- SHOW BINARY LOGS are equivalent TO SHOW MASTER LOGS, PURGE BINARY LOGS, or PURGE BINARY LOGS TO ‘mysqllog-bin.010’. PURGE BINARY LOGS BEFORE ‘2008-04-02 22:46:26’;
- RESET MASTER and RESET SLAVE the former cleans up all binary logs listed in the index file, resets the index file to null, and creates a new binary log file, usually used when the MASTER first starts. The latter causes SLAVE to forget its replication location in the MASTER binary log file, it removes the mast.info, Relay -log.info, and all the relayed log files and starts a new relayed log file to start a clean copy. Close the SLAVE copy thread before using RESET SLAVE.
- This allows you to see binary log files and events in the files that exist on the server, but you need to use the mysqlBinlog tool for recovery scenarios if you want to see what’s in the files. Shell > mysqlbinlog [options] log_file… For example: mysqlbinlog [options] VMS00781-bin.000001 output content will vary slightly depending on the format of the log file and the options used by the MysqlBinlog tool. The meaning of the contents of the binary log file and the options available for MySQLBinlog can be referred to the relevant manual. Here are some examples that require special attention.
- The format of the binary log file consists of row mode, statement mode, and mixed mode (that is, the server decides what type of log to record in what circumstances), the event information in the statement based log contains the statement executed, etc., the event information in the row based log contains the change information in the row, etc. Both types of event information are logged in a mixed mode log. To make it easier to see what specific SQL statements were executed at the time of the event that recorded the row change information you can use the mySQLBinlog tool’s -v (-verbose) option, which rewrites the row event into the annotated pseudo-SQL statement
- To give this option twice, such as -vV, which can contain some data type and meta-information about the annotation content, such as
- mysqlbinlog -v VMS00781-bin.000001
- mysqlbinlog -vv VMS00781-bin.000001
- In addition, mysqlBinlog and binary log files can be read from the remote server through the option of — read-From — remote-Server. In this case, some additional connection parameters are needed, such as — host, — password, — port, — user, — socket, — protocol, etc. These parameters are only valid after specifying — read-From — Remote-Server.
- No matter the local binary log files or the binary log files on the remote Server, no matter the binary log files in line mode, statement mode or mixed mode are parsed by the MySQLBinlog tool, they can be directly applied to MySQL Server for point-in-time, location-based or database recovery. For example: mysqlbinlog vms00781-bin.000001 | mysql-uusername -p
- Or you can first write binary logs to. SQL file, and then execute these files in mysql client, such as: mysqlbinlog vms00781-bin.000001 > / TMP/vms00781-bin.000001. SQL mysql>source/TMP/vms00781-bin.000001
- Here are a few key parameters: -database =db_name, -d db_name this parameter causes mysqlbinlog to output only log events from the local binary log when the specified DB_name is selected by the use command as the default database. The behavior is similar to mysqLD’s – binlog-do-db command. If the parameter is specified more than once, only the last one is valid. The specific impact of the parameter depends on the binary log format, which is consistent only when the row-mode log format is used. Data consistency is not guaranteed in statement – or mixed-mode binary log formats because there may be updates across libraries that cause database parameters to behave differently. mysqlbinlog VMS00781-bin.000001 -d testDB | mysql -uusername -p
- With this parameter, the MysqlBinlog tool will print a warning when it reads an unrecognized log event, ignore the event and continue to execute. Without this parameter, mysqlbinlog will stop. mysqlbinlog VMS00781-bin.000001 -d testDB -f | mysql -uusername -p
- — no-defaults prevents the mysqlbinlog tool from reading parameters from any configuration file, except. Mylogin.cnf (for safe password saving). Mysqlbinlog vms00791-bin.000001-d testdb-f — no-defaults| mysql-uusername -p
- A set of parameters used to specify the start and end points of the recovery, either together or separately, or in conjunction with — start position, — stop-position mixed with mysqlbinlog vms00781-bin.000001-d testdb-f — no-defaults — start-datetime=datetime — stop-position=NNNNNN | mysql-uusername -p
- The upper set of parameters is used to specify the start and end positions of the recovery, and can be given together or separately or in conjunction with — start datetime, — stop-datetime mixed with mysqlbinlog vms00781-bin.000001-d testdb-f — no-defaults — start-position=NNNNNN — stop-datetime=datetime | mysql-uusername -p
- There is usually more than one binary log file that needs to be restored. What should you pay attention to if you have more than one binary log file that needs to be restored? First, you can choose to apply the binary log file one by one by either directly redirecting to the mysql client above or by taking a pilot into the.sql file and executing the.SQL file. There is a catch, however, and if the binary log records the use of temporary tables, the temporary table will be lost when the last log runs out and the next binary log is applied on the new connection, causing an error. So, the safe way is to execute multiple binaries simultaneously. For example, mysqlbinlog vms00781-bin.000001 vms00781-bin.000002 vms00781-bin.000003 — start-position=NNNNNN — stop-datetime=datetime | mysql-uusername -p
- Or mysqlbinlog vms00781-bin.00000 [1-3] — start-position=NNNNNN — stop-datetime=datetime | mysql-uusername -p
- When multiple binary log files are executed simultaneously, -start-position and -stop-position are applied only to the first listed binary log file and the last listed binary log file, respectively
- It is also possible to first channel the output of multiple binary log files into the same.sql file and then execute the.SQL file (for cases of low log volume)